How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
-What I have learned and took away from Project One, leading into Project Two is more efficiency, less errors, and easier to collaborate across projects and teams if need be. Working with GitHub in a previous course, I do see the  potential in collaborations and critiques, especially if one is stuck, like myself. We, as a team can see the last commit and provide feedback or correct the issue. It makes for easier readability, maintainability and adaptability for yourself and your team or others.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
-As a computer scientist, I learned that it's easy to make mistakes so I make sure to double check the work/code before hitting enter or submitting and if I still get those errors, going back to verify that it is indeed correct. Also, different projects call for different systemic, client-centric, or adaptive approach, but keeping an open mind. I would imagine it would take adaptability and sufficiency to deliver solutions that meets not only standards, but clients needs as well.
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
-Computer scientists contribut to the success of companies like Grazioso Salvare but delivering their expertise in data management, analysis, automation, and security. Computer scientists works efficiently and it shows in their work. Their/Our jobs is to make the data more digestible, easier to read/write, making those data-driven decisions will drive those results to the consumer/customer and ultimately help aid in the company's growth.
